Update README.md (#1)
DominicChm/asabe-2024-plant: README.md

# ASABE 2024 Robotics Competition Plant
This repository contains the files needed to print the simulation plant for the 2024 ASABE robotics competition.

# Terminology
Stalk - The center core which fits into the game board and holds stems

> Stem - The part that connects the trunk and leaves/flowers. It holds a 6mmx2.5mm magnet (press fit).

Author: ```suggestion
Stem - The part that connects the stalk and leaves/flowers. It holds a 6mm x 2 mm magnet (press fit).

```

For the advanced division, both the vertical and radial position of a given leaf or flower can vary.
Stems can be short, medium, or long, and can be positioned at one of five vertical positions.

# Painting
All surfaces are spray painted with colors as follows:

- Stems - [Satin Moss Green](https://www.homedepot.com/p/Rust-Oleum-Painter-s-Touch-2X-12-oz-Satin-Moss-Green-General-Purpose-Spray-Paint-334075/307244920)
- Healthy leaves - [Gloss Meadow Green](https://www.homedepot.com/p/Rust-Oleum-Painter-s-Touch-2X-12-oz-Gloss-Green-General-Purpose-Spray-Paint-334039/307244868)
- Unhealthy leaves - [Satin Green Apple](https://www.homedepot.com/p/Rust-Oleum-Painter-s-Touch-2X-12-oz-Satin-Green-Apple-General-Purpose-Spray-Paint-334070/307244897)
- Flowers - [Flat White](https://www.homedepot.com/p/Rust-Oleum-Painter-s-Touch-2X-12-oz-Flat-White-General-Purpose-Spray-Paint-334021/307244842)

# Assembly Instructions

> 1. Print an appropriate number of stalks, leaves, flowers, and stems (of various lengths) per the rules. If desired, CAD files may be modified as needed to achieve reliable press fits in the steps below (given your printer / material).

Author: Could you read the rules and suggest an appropriate number of each based on your understanding? (I'll check you.)
